In this clip we will see how to set up access logs in S3 and ELB.
To begin with, let's see how to set up access logs in the S3.
Choose S3 and go to S3 console.
I'm going to use this S3 bucket, globomantics, to host a static website.
And I have uploaded a couple of simple HTML files, index.html and error.html.
Go to Permissions tab.
Under Block public access you can see that I have turned off blocking.
Choose the tab Bucket Policy.
And I've added a new service ID with the name PublicReadGetObject
that allows GetObject action in this bucket.
Go to the tab Properties.
Choose Server access logging.
It is recommended by S3 not to use the source and target as the same S3 buckets.
I have a different S3 bucket under bucket target.
You can mention a prefix to differentiate the logs.
Click Save.
In order to test this feature I'm going to enable static web hosting as well.
I have specified index.html as the index page and I
have turned on bucket hosting.
Let me open a new tab and enter the URL to this page.
And you can see the index.html is being served directly from
the S3 bucket without any HTTP server.
Let's go back to our target bucket and check the logs.
Choose the S3 bucket globomantics‑target.
You can see we have a bunch of files with the prefix globo that
we mentioned while setting up the access logs.
Let me click one of them,
and you can get a detailed view of this file including the ETag information.
Now let's turn our attention to Application Load Balancer.
Go to EC2 console.
To your left,
choose Load Balancers. I already have a load balancer
with the name Globo‑Application,
and it's currently listening for connection requests at port 80.
Click on Target Groups. And there are two instances that are linked as
registered targets. To enable access logging, let's go back to Load
Balancers. Choose Description. Scroll down. Under Attributes,
click on Edit attributes. Choose Enable to enable access logs.
If you have an existing S3 bucket that you would like to use you can mention
the bucket URL here or you can choose to create a new one.
I'm going to create a new S3 bucket. Click Save to enable ELB access logs.
Let's go back to S3 and validate the same. Under Services, click on
S3. Under the list of buckets you can see a new bucket with the
name globomantics‑elb has been created.
Let me click that.
And you can see a folder with the name AWSglobo that corresponds to the path
that we mentioned. There is another folder that corresponds to my account ID.
And you can see that is a test file logged by ELB.
Let me go back to the bucket and choose Permissions tab. Click on Bucket Policy.
You can see two service IDs with the names AWSLogDeliveryWrite and
AWSLogDeliveryAclCheck have been automatically generated.
These are the bucket policy changes that you may need to manually
apply if you have chosen to use an existing S3 bucket instead of creating a new bucket like we did here.